Hey, good morning family, thank you for
joining us again today. Well, it's
Diana
and I again and we're excited to be here.
We're going to pray for you all and
we're going to agree for some
things—whatever
you need today. We're
going to touch and agree for everything
you may need and we're going to believe
that God will meet you at the point of
your need today. We believe that
your circumstance is going to change
within 24 hours. There's going to be a
difference in your life; we're believing
that today. We're going to start
believing first the blade, then the
ear, then the full manifestation of everything
you've been believing for, that it's
going to happen suddenly. So we're
just going to get right to praying and
we're going to believe with you for your
circumstances. Let's get excited. We see a
turning in things: praying over
the Ukraine war, praying over the
stuff. Looks like there's going to be
maybe some peace talks. I know I've
warned some about peace and safety;
I told you rice-paper thin. The war and
all the things that are going on with the
Middle East—Houthis are getting struck. I
told you strategic things are happening; there
are
very strategic
things. And I've warned you all about
this, about Iran, and there's more to come.
We must pray against anti-Semitism; we must
pray against this, that this will not
manifest. Praying for the Red Dawn
for America as we strike Iran, we strike
these things from the enemy within.
Praying for a hedge of protection over
America, that the FBI, Homeland Security, and
CIA—that
these people will find the
hidden cells of terror organizations. The
men that I've seen coming across the
border, that they'll be exposed and
brought to justice, and they will not
cause mass casualties of any kind.
They will be
brought to justice and
they will turn on themselves in
their camp, just like they did with
Joshua—blew
the horns and the
Midianites all defeated themselves by the
sword. They will defeat themselves
by the sword because great confusion is
coming in the camp of the enemy in the
name of Jesus. And what the devil meant
for bad, God's going to expose it in the
name of Jesus. As we go after these
things that I've seen, it will not
be
like ants coming up out of a
den. When you poke the
beehive, the wasps try to swarm and
try to sting you, or the bees.
I've seen that as you poke this, the
enemy
is within, and we must expose this so that
the very pit they
dug to try to snare us, they fall
in it
themselves. You believe that
with me today? And that the wealth of the sinner
is
laid up for the righteous, and
that the crypto lawsuits against XRP
will stop, and that there'll be a
wealth transfer and a stability to this
like we've never seen before.
Not this roller coaster; stability
going
up. No more of
this
plummeting,
manipulating the
markets. So Father, we lift up
all that I have before You, all
these needs, all these prayer requests,
and we lift them up before You. We thank
You, Lord, that You know everything we
need before we even needed it. And God,
You're the God that meets us at the
point of our need. You are our great
provider; You're Jehovah Jireh. You will
provide all our needs according to Your
riches in glory by Christ Jesus. We
believe, Father, that You said that we're
the head and not the tail, above and not
beneath; we'll go through and not go
under. We believe, Father, that You are the
All-Sufficient
One. You have
everything; You've got it all, and You
supply it all. He takes care of all our
needs, He supplies all our needs because
He knows. Consider the lilies of
the field,
how they grow: they neither toil
nor
spin, and yet I tell you, even Solomon in all
his glory was not arrayed like one of
these. But if God so clothes
the grass of the field, which today is
alive and tomorrow is thrown into the
oven, will He not much more
clothe you, O you of little faith? Yes,
that's
the
scripture I was trying to think of right
there. Thank you, babe. So He takes care of
the lilies, He takes care of the grass,
and how much more
are we? So Father, we just thank You, Lord,
we give You honor and glory and praise
for all that You've provided. Thank You, Lord,
for our families. We call in our
unsaved loved ones right now in the name
of Jesus. There's so many of them that
are wayward, so many people that are
bound, but Father, You came to set the
captives free, and we believe that their
circumstance is going to turn around
right now. We call the blinders off of
their eyes in the name of Jesus. And all
the kids, all the grandkids, all of them
that are wayward—we call you in, in the
name of Jesus. From the north, the south,
the east, the west, we call laborers
across your path. Father, that
there'll be people that would minister
to them. Even when they're getting
something at the drive-thru, they may not
even know it, but they'll say, 'That
tugged at my heart, that sounded
like Grandma, that sounded like my mom,
that sounded like my dad. I need to go
home.'Something's
going to trigger, but
it's the Holy Spirit. We ask You, Holy
Spirit, that You would meet them right
where they are right now in the midnight
hour. I ask for a Damascus Road
experience, for a
supernatural experience with You, angelic
visitations and manifestations. Just
like when Paul and Silas were in that
jail cell and it looked like they were
going to die tomorrow, but suddenly,
when the church started to
pray—when
we're starting to pray on this channel,
when we're lifting up our loved
ones—they
will have that shaking experience,
for there'll be a shaking to awaken even
in the midnight hour. And they're in that
jail cell, in that place of
the pit, is what we'll call it.
They're going to have a great shaking to
awaken, and the jail cell doors of their
heart and of their mind—it may not be
a physical jail cell, or it could be—but
in the
jail cell of their bondage
thinking, in the jail cell of
their need when they
say there's no hope, they're in their
jail cell of their
satanic oppression. In the midnight hour,
Lord, we're believing for the jail cells
to open by faith.
We believe we receive in the midnight
hour when we give our praise to You in
the darkness of the dark. We believe,
Father, that You're the God of more than
enough. You're the God that will bring us
out of our pit of despair, and You will
bring us on the path of righteousness
and set us in the right direction, and it
will come suddenly in the name of Jesus.
We will not be down in our hole anymore,
and our families will come out of that
in the name of Jesus. And it's time
for the blinded eyes to be
opened.
We speak for the
blinders to come off their eyes, for
Satan has blinded the eyes of the
unbeliever, and we say, 'Satan, take your
hand off of our unsaved loved
ones.'They
will know the saving knowledge of the
Lord Jesus Christ, and you will not bind
them in that pit of despair
anymore. Now I thank You, Father, just like
Paul and Silas gave You praise in the
midnight hour and the walls began to
shake. The walls began to shake and the
angel of the Lord was sent and broke off
those chains of
iron. We thank You, Father, that it's
the same God that did it back then
over 2,000 years ago is the same God
that will do it again
today. We believe that You're no
respecter
of persons, and the same prayer
that sent the angels will send
the angels. Angel of the
Lord, we call for the special angels.
We send that angel, the same
angel that got the chains
off of Paul and Silas. We send that same
angel to go right now in the name of
Jesus and get our unsaved loved
ones. Send them out right now. We send
that same angel; he's a special angel, he
knows what he's doing, he's already
specialized in it. He knows how
to get the chains off. So we send that
same angel right now into the pit of their
despair to get them and set the
captives free. Thank You, Lord, that You're
the same angel that got Paul and
Silas
out because he already knows what he's doing.
So we send
those angels out right now in the
name of Jesus to release
and to set our unsaved loved
ones'minds
to put them on the right path,
having a visitation and a manifestation
of the glory even whenever they're
sleeping at night. Thank You, Lord, that
tonight is the night of their
turnaround. We believe that. We send
angels out right now in the name of
Jesus to unlock the
gate. Thank You, Lord, to unlock the gate
of their heart. Holy Spirit, working on
the heart
right now in
the name of Jesus. We believe we receive
it right now. Thank You, Father, that
You're going to bring it to pass. Thank
You, Lord, for the healings and the
manifestations. Just like it was
with the woman with the issue of blood,
Father, that in that 24-hour
turnaround, she did it with a touch of
His garment and boom, everything dried up.
Everything that she had spent 12 years
on,
but rather grew worse, her
suddenly came within that moment. I
believe you're going to have that
suddenly right now. Believe it by faith
that your suddenly is coming right now.
Believe it by faith that today is the
day that I'm going to lay hold of the
Master's garment, and by faith, I receive
what He said I could have. I believe that
He said I can be healed. I believe that
He said in His word that by His stripes
I am healed—not 'ye were,'it's already
done, it's past tense. I am healed, I
receive it today. I lay hold of it
by faith, and I believe by
faith that Jesus Christ is the same
yesterday, today, and forever. And He's
meeting me at the point of my need and
it's all done. I
receive it, Father. We believe, Father,
we receive. We're
stirred up in our spirits today.
We speak to spiritual
slumps.
It's time to stir us up,
Father. We believe we're coming out of
the pit of despair, that we've been down
and out and saying, 'Oh God, where are You
at?'He's
there; He'll never leave you and
He'll never forsake you. Lo, until the
end of the Earth, He's with you always
and He's going to deliver you out of
your circumstance. I'm bound with drugs,
I'm bound with pornography, I've been
bound with
anger—well,
all you say this stuff, but God is
the Great Deliverer, and He
delivered the children of Egypt out of
the hand of Pharaoh, and He can
deliver you out of your circumstance,
too. You may be in your pit of despair;
you may be thinking that there's no hope
for
you. 'I'm in with Pharaoh
and I'm a slave to whatever
you've been a slave to.'You may be a
slave to fentanyl, you may be a slave
to crack cocaine, or prostitution,
or pornography, or what it may be. It may
be the pit of your circumstances
saying, 'I've been a slave to this, I can't
get out of it.'But in a circumstance of
that, God delivered the children of
Israel
out of it within a
24-hour window. He gave them the gold,
He gave them the silver, He gave them the
cattle; He gave them whatever they needed
to get out of that pit of slavery. And
that's what's going to happen with you
today. I believe that today is your day
of deliverance. Just like He did
with the children of Israel, your
circumstance
is turning around. Believe
it, Father, we believe it. We believe we
receive that You're the God of more than
enough. You're the God of the delivery.
You're the God of setting me out of it,
just like Joseph. Just like He did with
Pharaoh, just like He did, Father, You made
him second in command of all of Egypt.
You'll do it for them. They may need a
new job; there's a job waiting for them. I
believe that today their job's coming to
pass, God, that they'll have a greater job
and they'll be second in command of all their
company, or they'll be first—that You'll
make them CEO of whatever it may be.
But it
will happen suddenly. God, I thank You,
Father, that You said, 'Study to show
thyself approved.'And Father, I thank You,
Lord, that they've studied, they've shown
themselves
approved, and there's
goodness and mercy that's following them
all the days of their life. And it's time
for goodness and mercy to
overtake them. It's the day of favor, for
Father, there are days of great favor, that
more than a thousand days of
labor—I
believe that today is a day of great
favor on you, that you're going to have
great days of favor, not just one day, but
days. Days of Heaven on Earth are coming
to you now. Pray for their babies,
Father. We lift up the people before
You that are believing for children.
We speak over their reproductive
systems in the name of Jesus; we call
them healed, we call them well, we call
them blessed. Father, You said be fruitful
and multiply
and fill the Earth, and You also
said that You would
give us the desires of our hearts. And
Father, for these men and women that are
believing God for a baby, Father, we bless
them right now. We speak to their bodies;
we call them healed, we call them whole,
nothing missing, nothing broken. We speak
to the whole person, that they are filled
with and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
And we thank You that that mighty
touch of the Holy Spirit is flowing
through them right now, touching
every part. You know the parts that they
need, You know what needs to function in
their bodies, You know what they
need. And Holy Spirit, we ask You right
now to go and touch them right now
through this camera, wherever they are,
and that they will be healed, completely
whole, changed inside and out. And Father,
that they would raise these children up
the way they should go, and that when
they grow old, they will not depart from
it. Father, that they would
dedicate these children to You,
that these children would be devoted to
God, that they would be chosen, that they
would be a chosen royalty to You, that
these children would grow up and
have calls on their lives. We call them
in, we call them in to Your kingdom. And
Father, we thank You. We speak to these
wombs to conceive; we speak to them now
that they will be fruitful and multiply
and that they will be
blessed. And
Father, we thank You that they will not
have pregnancy symptoms, that they will
not have depression, that they will not
have postpartum depression after these
babies are born, that they will not deal
with hormone issues, that these babies
will latch on and nurse as they should,
that there is no colic. Father, we speak
to their bodies and we
thank You, Father, that Holy Spirit,
You will move through them and touch
them where they need to be touched.
I saw Fallopian
tubes being healed right now,
brand-new
Fallopian tubes.
Receive
that right now in the name of Jesus.
Brand-new
Fallopian tubes, brand-new eggs.
I call you healed and whole
and well—no
blockage of that Fallopian
tube, no scarring. I call
scarring being healed from the top all
the way down. We call that
uterus healed, we call the uterus whole,
that there are no growths, there are no
cysts,
there is no blockage of any kind from
scars. I see scars being healed and
it's like brand-new tubes.
Brand-new
tubes in Jesus'name. No more for the
enemy; God is rebuking the
devourer
for your sake right now in the name of
Jesus. And there is a turnaround coming,
and this would be a year of the babies;
2025 will be a year of the baby. We call
them in right now in the name of Jesus.
We pray over
their marriages. We agree together that
their marriages are blessed. We call
marriages whole, we call marriages
blessed, Father. We call for what the
devil meant for bad, You're going to turn
it around for good. Father, there's unity
and peace in the house, and we say we
will not be in strife, we will not have
lack of any kind. For these
children will not grow up in broken
homes, no Brokenness. We
speak to a whole man, a whole person, the
whole
family in Jesus'name. And single mamas, if
you're having a hard time supplying, we
call in finances for you, we call in
blessing for your homes. No matter what
country you're living in, from Australia
all around the world, I believe that you
mamas are going to be bountifully
supplied, for there is nothing missing,
nothing broken in your life. And
supernatural finances are flowing over
you, and we call restoration of homes,
restoration of marriages. And Father, we
say, 'Satan, get your hands off of these
men, get your hand off of these
women,'that
you will not cause division in the
homes. We speak against a lying spirit speaking
to their ears, telling them this and
telling them that. Father, that they will
line up with the word of God and they
will follow the word of God and they'll have
peace that passes all understanding right
now. Satan, take your hands off of
their minds, that reprobate mind. We
command the confusion and reprobate mind
to be broken off of them now in
Jesus'name,
and they have the mind of Christ.
According to Second Timothy 1:7, God has
not given them a spirit of fear, but of
power, and of love, and of a
well-balanced
mind. And we call that balanced
mind in that home, Father. There'll be
peace right now, and we come against the
spirits of depression and over
schizophrenia and anxiety disorders.
We say in the name of Jesus their minds
are free and healed and whole, and
they'll sleep sound, uninterrupted and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force. We pray over their minds. Father,
they have the mind of Christ. You have to
say it out your mouth; say, 'I am free, I am
whole, I am well, and I have the mind of
Christ. I am no longer bound by
these
demonic spirits in Jesus'name.'You've got to
come against it; you will not
be bound by a devil anymore. And there'll
be peace in their homes and joy in their
homes—joy
unspeakable
and full of glory in the mighty name of
Jesus. And we give You all the glory,
honor, and praise, and we thank You, Lord,
that You're the God of more than
enough. For finances are coming to them in
a supernatural way, Father. We
speak
against anxiety in these women
that are believing for
their babies. We speak to anxiety; we call
peace over their
minds—peace
that passes all understanding. We
call it done right now. And we trust, we
believe in the healing,
miraculous power of the Holy Spirit. Yes,
the fear of the miscarriage,
the fear of the torment of the
miscarriage.
No, 'my vine will not cast fruit
before its time.'We decree and
declare the vine will not cast fruit
before its time. The Bible says in
Malachi that He rebukes the devourer for
my
sake. And so I say, be a
tither, be a giver, be a sower, and be a
believer that everything you put your
hands to will prosper, even the womb. And
I'd say as a husband, you say to the baby,
'Come forth.'Over this
womb, I have dominion and authority over
my seed, I have dominion and authority
over these eggs,
and I say in the name of Jesus, as the
head of my house, I will be fruitful and
multiply in the name of Jesus Christ. And
I call my wife's belly to have a
bountiful supply, her womb to be
a bountiful
supply. No more of this in
Jesus'name.
Believe it, husbands,
believe it and call the child to
come forth out of you. 'I will be
fruitful and multiply.'This is what God
told us to do and I'll do what He told
me to do. And
we're not going to
have the stress of making a
baby, we're going to have a baby.
We're going to have it and we take
it by faith in
Jesus'name.
God's going to meet you at the point of
your need. I believe it, there's a
supernatural turnaround.
There's torment for women, that
fear has torment, but perfect love
casteth out all fear.
In
vitro
fertilization—shot,
shot,
all the stuff, the torment of anguish.
It begins to deplete your
supply of just being able to
rejoice, to be happy, to receive, to
be able to enjoy motherhood, enjoy the
process, to enjoy
life. Jesus said that He came
so that we could have life and have
life more abundantly. And we call these
women to have Abundant
Life, not being afraid through the whole
thing. Because look what happened to
Job: the very thing he feared the most
came on him. He feared that he'd lose his
children, he feared that this was all
going to happen, and guess what?
Fear opens the door for satanic
attack. Fear is faith
in the ability of that which is trying
to get you. You have faith in the ability
of Satan trying to rob you of this child.
Do not have faith in Satan's ability;
have faith in God's ability to keep
you well. It's happened so many times,
but
I'm going to
say as of this time, it's not going to
happen no more. And if it happens again,
I'm still standing. I'm not moved by what
I see, I'm not moved by what I feel. I'm
not going to have faith in the ability
of Satan's job to steal, kill, and destroy.
I have faith in the ability that God
said He rebukes the devourer for my
sake. I'm going to have a
baby. We don't make it, we're going to
have it and we're going to receive it.
And I'm not going to be tormented by
fear of this anymore. I take captive of
my thoughts. I refuse to
fear. 'Fear tolerated is faith
contaminated.'I
refuse to tolerate and
let this fear
contaminate my faith.
My Father loves me, He wants
me to be fruitful, He wants me to have
an
inheritance of the Lord. We will, and
He wants you to have the desires of your
heart. We believe with you today. I
told you I try to keep these videos
under 30 minutes, so
I'm honoring what I said I'd do
today. Tomorrow is going to be a longer
video for you.
It's all what the
Lord told me to say. So we believe for
your circumstance to turn around. God is
a good God, and the
devil's a bad devil, and we believe that
you're living on the victory side of
things. It's time to be happy, it's time
to rejoice, for our redemption is drawing
nigh.
Jesus Christ is coming back
soon, but He's coming
back for a glorious church and we're
going to see a great, mighty move of the
Spirit of the Lord like we've never seen
before. And we call that revival in right
now in the name of Jesus. We call the
finances to fund it in right now in the
name of Jesus. From the north, the south,
the east, the west, we call an abundant
harvest in on everything we put our
hands to. You said You would prosper us.
Now, angels of the Lord, go from the north,
south, east, and west to bring the
finances in so that we would
have more than enough to give to the
kingdom of God and promote the gospel
throughout the whole world. Now we lay
hold to what You said we could have and
we receive it by faith in the name of
Jesus. And we call it out of the world's
economy into our hands. And we say we're
blessed in the city, we're blessed in the
field, we're blessed coming in and we're
blessed going out. And Father, I thank You,
Lord, that You've anointed me for such a
time as this to prosper and be in health,
even as my soul prospers. I believe
that Diana and I are going to be
blessed and we're blessed now in
Jesus'name.
And we're not going to wait five
years from now, but
the seed and the time and the harvest is
being accelerated.
Acceleration,
because the time is so short. Ladies and gentlemen, the time is
short
and it's time for
the harvesters and the reapers to go
hand in hand. We're calling it in right
now, supernatural abundance to come over
our household in the name of Jesus.
We lay hold to it by faith that God,
You're a God of more than enough to do
exceedingly abundantly above all that we
dare ask and think in the mighty name of
Jesus. And everybody say, 'Amen and
amen.'We
believe with you today that
you're the victor and you're
not a victim. We're not going to live in
a victim mentality because we are
victors. We have the
victory and
we
overcome him by the blood of the Lamb
and the word of our testimony. Do you
believe that today?
Do you believe that you're the victor?
You're no longer the victim. And
we're not begging, we're believing.
Stir yourself up
today. Good things are coming for you. Do
you believe that by Easter? Say, 'Before
Easter my kids are coming
home.'We're
going
to celebrate Easter as a family this
year. Do you believe
that?
God is able to do exceedingly
abundantly above all that you dare ask
or think. He'll turn it on a
dime. Everything's going to change. Glory
to God! Well, if this video blessed you
all today—we pray it did—remember,
the only
thing we'll ever ask you for
is for a click, a notification bell, a
like, a subscribe. All the things that
help us with the YouTube algorithm. We
pray that you would at least do that.
Click that subscribe
button; it blesses us, it really does.
Click the notification
bell, do all the things that YouTube
asks
you to do for us to get shot up in the
algorithm so people see these videos.
We pray for you, we love you, we thank
you for your kindness, all your
emails, all the likes and the
subscribes. They are blessing. The
comments down below—yes. Even if
you're telling me, 'Don't shake the
squirrel.'I
didn't mean to, I promise.
I told Braden, 'Oh no, I messed up
on shaking the
squirrel.'But
I had him
in my hand, he was so nice and cozy
in there and he liked it. He
found his mama today; she was out there
and he was out there with her.
So we're excited. Glory to God. I
didn't know how to raise him, so thank
God the mama did. His sister didn't make
it, but we didn't want to be Bob
Ross—I
wasn't Bob Ross, I'm not a Bob
Ross—but
at least he was with his mother. So I
thought, 'Well, glory to God.'It is
what it is. Our
little girl was like, 'Oh Daddy.'We
tried
to feed it,
but you know what,
the mama's back. That
windstorm
came through, that was
bad. But it's over. Glory to
God. We pray for the people who lost
everything in the tornadoes and the
fires. We pray for you. That was
rough for a lot of folks. But you know
what, we're living in the end times, folks,
and I'm telling you, we've got to take
our place and authority more now than
ever, especially you in your area. I pray
over my area, pray over your area. We
take our dominion and authority over the
storms. This is the time—this is
spring in the South—and it's time we
have to rise up and say, 'Satan, you ain't
robbing me in my neighborhood, you're not
doing that.'We have
authority over you and you bow your knee.
When
you're maneuvering against
us, we will not have tornadoes, we won't have
high winds, we won't have hail the size
of golf balls. We have
authority over these storms and we say,
'Cease and desist'in your maneuvering, and
we call, 'Peace, be still'to the
storm in Jesus'name. Put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart.
I told him 30 minutes. Put a smile on your face and a song
in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and
we love you. God bless you all. Thank you
Braden, he's trying to keep our green screen up.
Put a smile on your face and a
song on your heart. Jesus loves you,
we love you.
God bless you all. See you again tomorrow.
Bye, bye, bye.